[inaudible].
Hey,
what's going on it's Bill Burr.
I's time for the Thursday afternoon,
just before Friday,
Monday morning podcast.
and ahhh
just checking in on you a little Tarzan.
Little tours in very little Johnny.
Why Smell?
Hey,
remember that guy that's back when being and shake was just not like being fat
Johnny mice.
Millie was an Olympic swimmer and even he was yanking his fucking whatever the
hell he had days.
Little fig leaf over his junky yanked it up past his navel.
Nobody.
I challenge you to find one person who was shirtless back then.
You could actually see their belly button.
I don't know if that was because the naval was considered nudity back then or
lewd or the devil's work,
the port hole to to,
I dunno.
Getting some push.
I don't know.
I have no idea.
I don't pretend to know these things.
Why didn't I take out my fucking Invisalign?
Why didn't I take it?
I forgot to take the fucking shit out.
I am on tre number 11 1111 or 13
Trey 11 and 13 is an interesting story about Trey.
Number 11 okay.
I brought it to New York.
All right.
Cause I went back to do the Patrice O'neil,
the sixth annual Patrice O'Neal benefit and um,
which by the way,
I think that was probably the best one we had as far as everybody murdered.
Just a perfect mix of,
of uh,
people that knew them,
people that were fans of them,
black,
white,
male,
female.
Two stories about Patrice comic shitting on each other.
Vos took a fucking pounding.
He hosted,
I don't know what he was wearing.
He had this bing Crosby hat on.
Then he had like this flannel,
like a,
I'm going to go see Pearl jam shirt on.
But he buttoned it all the way up.
You know,
like they were going to,
we were joking like they were going to reboot that movie colors.
Um,
and then he had like these red plastic shoes on that he swore where the shit,
I don't know what it was just one of those deals where it's just like rich,
you have to take one of those things off.
If you're going to button up the flannel and have red shoes on,
get rid of the hat.
Where are we going to keep the hack?
Get rid of the shoes.
If you gonna wear the shoes in the hat,
put on a different fucking shirt.
All right.
The Rich Vos is not a smart man.
Okay?
He's driven.
He's dedicated,
but he's,
he's,
he's not always on the right track.
And this was one of these evenings and we tried to tell him,
uh,
he took a good pound and Keith Robinson actually just showed up just to trash
people.
You went backstage and Jim Norton was just minding his own business,
eating something and Keith slapped the food right out of his fucking hand onto
the floor.
You know,
the usual maturity.
But I want to thank everybody that came down in the crowd and all the comics,
Sam j who I'd never seen before,
fucking murdered p Ali,
rich vos,
safer sounds at,
thank you so much,
Jim Norton.
Dave Attell is always all the teen idols,
sensation from the leg.
Great.
Obion Anthony Show,
Robert Kelly,
my old roommate from back in the day,
Jessica,
Kirsten Greer Barnes and Maureen Taren for putting the whole thing together.
Thank you.
And thank you to everybody who came out.
It was just a fucking awesome show.
Just an awesome show.
All of them.
They had me [inaudible] I had to go on after,
uh,
most of them there.
And,
um,
I was just,
Oh,
no,
no.
What did I do?
Okay.
What did I just do?
You can't even fucking lean back in this goddamned place.
Is it still recording?
It is recording,
but I can't hear myself.
Oh,
Jesus.
Where's the headphone narrative is going to plug it in?
It's eight.
Now.
Most people would fucking edit that out.
Most people are too afraid to look foolish on their own fucking podcast where
it's just them and they play the producer and all of that bullshit.
But not me,
not me.
So I just,
I had the perfect fucking time.
You know,
I did the west side comedy club,
tuned up there the night before.
Uh,
just so happened Jerry Seinfeld came down,
so I've got to watch him do his set.
Absolutely crushed.
Um,
such a great comedy club,
right?
It's on 75th and Broadway and between Broadway and Amsterdam,
it's literally right next to the beacon theater and a fucking loved that place.
Thank you to the stand for doing the after party and all that as they always do
a,
I might be in New York next week and I'll be down the stand.
I'll let you guys know.
I'm all right.
Plowing ahead.
So it's a perfect night.
Everything's going great.
We all hang out down the stand afterwards.
They're always so generous.
They've always hosted the afterparty.
They've given everybody food and all this shit.
Just be in the,
uh,
the great guys that they are.
And um,
so at the end of the night comes,
I go home and I'm thinking of what an absolute perfect two days in New York.
And uh,
and I even remembered I,
cause I was wearing train number 10.
I even remembered tre number 11,
because Wednesdays is when I got to put the new one in.
So the next day I wake up,
I already booked myself a car service,
which I always forget the fucking do.
I break open the bag,
I put trade number 11 in.
Ah,
it's only hurts that first couple of days,
right?
Oh I also did the Jim and Sam show had a great time on that.
Um,
just making sure I think everybody,
so anyways,
I put the fucking trays in and then I was like,
well,
you know,
I'm dying a thirsty or the car is coming so let me just have a nice light
breakfast.
So I go across the street,
I buy a fucking orange and a big thing of water.
So I take the Invisalign out of bucket,
eat in the orange and all that shit,
right?
Cause you can't eat with these things in unless you're an absolute fucking pig.
Drink the water and all that shit.
And then I just,
you know,
throw all the bullshit out,
right?
And all that type of stuff.
Throw it down.
The fucking grabbed my bags and ready to go.
It's still got 10 minutes to spare.
And then I'm looking for the Invisalign,
where the fuck is,
I'm like,
oh no,
please tell me.
I just didn't throw it down that fucking garbage chute with everybody else's
garbage from the building.
Please tell me I didn't fucking do that way that
I threw it down the fucking shoot.
So I'm like,
now what do I do?
I can put the old tray back in so my teeth don't move or anything like that.
And maybe I could go home and put train number 12 and that's what the fuck I'll
do.
Fuck it.
It's gone.
I'm not going down and digging those fucking things out of the trash.
I'm not fucking doing it.
Right.
And then I just sat there and I was like,
you know what?
My wife would she tell me to go down and go get it and fucking just fucking soak
it and Listerine for a day.
So I'm like,
fuck.
All right,
I'll do it.
I'm going to do it.
I fucking go downstairs.
Right.
Do you remember peewee Herman when he ran out of the pet store with the snakes?
That's what I was like.
So it went down there and the super was there and we'd fucking fortunately no
one through any trash on top of it.
And there was sitting right on top.
Like I had a pizza box,
something like that.
One of them was in the pizza box,
the one was sitting right on top,
like a fucking prize,
but still right.
So I just took him through them in my bag and then,
uh,
I came home,
I rinse them off,
scrubbed him with this brush I have,
and then I just threw them in Listerine for like overnight and then said,
all right,
I'm going to pop these in the mouth,
my mouth,
and hopefully I don't get some fucking grown in my intestines.
So,
uh,
that's it.
Pretty Gross.
I'm from a guy who always sits there talking about people that fucking walk bare
foot into a public bathroom on a plane.
I actually fished my Invisalign fucking trays out of the trash from my fucking
building.
Uh,
and I'm so ashamed I had to admit it,
but that's how dedicated I am.
Not Jesus Christ.
They seemed fine,
man.
You know,
then,
you know,
I don't feel anything.
Nothing grown in my mouth.
I've been wearing them for like a day or so,
day or two.
Everything seems fine.
I know it's embarrassing,
but you know what,
what was I going to,
I didn't want to fucking jump to the next God damn tray.
I wasn't going to wait for another one.
I want this thing to be over.
All right.
This is how wars are won.
It make sacrifices.
So there you go.
Now everybody knows.
Now the world knows how disgusting it fucking human being.
I am,
um,
whatever or dedicated,
there's all different ways that you can look at it.
So anyways,
I uh,
I flew back on jet blue,
which is a shit and Lisha TV isn't working and everybody else's is.
That was my experience,
but I still had the vice still had the,
you know,
the chair bed thing going on and I just sat there sort of stretching my fucking
arm cause uh,
the right shoulder is actually sits there,
starting to come around it,
starting to come around.
But I've been so goddamn busy.
I missed all the Olympics.
Oh,
what's the matter?
She upset.
Now it's getting that time.
It's getting to be that time of night.
I had a busy day today,
but I've been so busy.
Um,
hang on one second.
Hang on one second.
We are,
we are
Ani.
Do you keep it down a little bit in the end?
What are we doing?
We heard years.
She put her hand.
Oh God.
Oh
is this,
it was a crisis.
So my wife is getting my,
oh Jesus.
You're going to hear a crying.
She just had a fucking little episode there.
You got my daughter's ears pierced.
I didn't want to fucking do it.
But you know what am I guess it's,
this is a good time to do it.
Cause they don't remember.
I don't know why she has to get her ears pierced at fucking one years of age.
Like when she read in the news,
you know,
was she presenting at an award show?
Can we just get the clip on ones?
What is the rush?
So anyways,
now nia has to clean around,
you know,
where they pierce the ears,
you know.
So she just went to do that.
She's given Lola bath and Lola doesn't like it.
So she tried to duck out of the way and she put her face right in the water
and she did not enjoy it.
So anyways,
um,
uh,
what was I gonna say?
Oh sorry I missed all the Olympics but I get on,
I thought the gold medal game for the lay ace was tonight and hockey evidently
was last night and congratulations to the women of the United States of America
for winning the Olympic hockey gold medals for the first time since I think like
1998 or some shit.
I don't know what that's right.
And when we couldn't have beat a better opponent,
and I'm not talking about the Russians,
all right.
We only compete with the Russians when it comes to blowing up the whole world.
But when it really comes down to hockey,
okay,
it's all about Beaton Canada.
And I actually called cause I'm called up Vancouver today cause I'm doing some
gigs up there and I did the radio and they were all fucking ups.
They were all upset about it.
That's why I love Canada.
That's how much they care.
They even care about women's hockey.
You know which item,
not like I have anything against it,
but you know,
down here it's all about the men.
What are the men don't,
we don't care what women are doing unless it's porn or they're playing
volleyball and that's basically how it works in this country.
I'm not saying that's right.
Okay.
But that,
that is how it is.
Okay.
Women's tennis every once in a while does,
you know?
I Dunno.
I Dunno why.
I don't know why it is okay.
It's just the way it is.
It's all about that stuff.
So we,
I call these people up up there at Vancouver over there and they're all like,
oh,
you bet.
Call did the game.
Oh,
I loved it.
I was,
I was that sick.
We want the fucking matter.
Next we're taking the,
the Canadian men's team is next.
I know we already lost again.
Pumps out by checklist abaya I believe.
I believe that's what happened.
I bet the fucking men's gold medals tonight.
I probably should be watching that shit.
But at this year kind of suck because they didn't let the fucking NHL players
play.
DNHL was like on TV are going to make some money,
not CLM picks on you or continue to skate.
I actually,
you know something,
I'm not even getting the NHL Shit for doing that because they actually did it
for a couple of Olympics in a row.
They would just shut down the league,
you know what I mean?
And just eat all that money.
And I can tell you right now,
there's no fucking way the NFL would have done that.
You have to,
if football became a fucking Olympic sport,
right?
There's no way they'd be like they'd be of no Leon it players,
if they're going to get concussed,
they are going to do it by they make us the money.
Okay.
Um,
I've even,
we'll give you some scripts.
Um,
so anyways,
congratulations to the u s a women for winning the gold medal in hockey and uh,
I'm going to sing them a song now.
All right.
Congratulations.
[inaudible] to you.
You be today,
Adrian late.
You kick their far
as,
even though I miss a gay by,
I don't want to hear about those bad fucking calls at the end of the gay.
Quit your wine and you're fucking May.
Pecan are whores are better than yours.
I didn't mean to say whore.
I needed a word,
but yeah.
One civil syllable.
Go fuck yourselves.
And congratulations to the lay a,
sorry.
Congratulations to the
[inaudible],
the United States of America.
How was that?
Was that better than Fergie?
Um,
I actually didn't think that for you.
One was that bad.
I actually watched it on the Jim and Sam Shelf and I thought it was going to be
horrible.
I didn't mind it.
She kind of did a red,
red,
red ran one fucking word.
You know what I mean?
So I forgive him.
Yeah.
And the rockets red glare,
I ran,
ran,
ran.
She did something like that.
I didn't know what that part was about.
The rest of it though was fine.
Thought it was totally fine.
Um,
anyway,
speaking of me to,
uh,
I just feel like for me to,
when's that gonna Happen?
I just feel like for me.
MMM.
Yeah.
I was in fucking in a cab in Times Square and I'm looking out the windows.
I'm,
and it was just woman with a fat ass and thick thighs were in black leather
pants is tight as possibly could be just walking up the street and I know the
women's shoes.
Fuck.
Well,
it's just like,
it's like,
what are you doing in Times Square?
I you out of your fucking mind.
Why don't you just hang raw meat around your neck and jump in shark infested
waters?
You know,
at some point,
at some point you gotta be looking out for yourself.
Right.
You know,
she looked fucking amazing,
but she was by herself late at night,
New York City Times Square.
Is that what you want to be wearing?
She was probably a cop.
Maybe they got a bunch of me,
two cops out there right now.
You know,
trying to get the,
me too guys is then our works on a fucking know.
What do you want from me?
Okay.
Just saying a fucking the wrong national anthem.
Congratulating the women and accidentally call them away.
You know,
I called them horse right in just,
I'm sure somebody with hairy legs is going to get upset by that and then that
that's how it works.
Okay.
I know there's a lot of fucking problems out there right now.
And they'd be,
and people don't like being being a,
what do they call it?
Hooting and hollering and why they call it,
they call it a woman walks down the street and every guy's like,
give me a number where they call it cat calling and all that shit.
You know?
Shit.
That's upsetting.
All right?
But you know,
I would be lying if I didn't tell you I was a little jealous.
Okay.
Cause when I walked by a construction site,
all I hear is the sound of men working.
Um,
you don't think I'd like a standing ovation every once in awhile.
Hey,
nice ball hit their freckles.
You know,
every once in a while get a little shout out,
make you put a little pep in your [inaudible].
Um,
I'm fucking with you.
I don't have any advertising this week.
Can you believe it?
After all the bullshit I've said yes.
Slowly back in a way,
slowly back in.
Okay.
Way,
I should adjust my tone.
Um,
guess what my fucking drum room is finally done.
I built,
I had this person build me a drum room in the fucking gay Raj and uh,
turned out that was still just a little bit too loud.
I learned a lot of things like 30 decibels
is basically the sound of a silent room with like a light on like the little
buzz of a,
of a,
of a light bulb.
All right,
that's 30 decibels.
Queef thing is 35.
I read on all of this.
Okay.
Like 50 to 55.
It's like a light rain,
you know,
70,
I forget what the fuck that is.
And the nineties when it starts getting annoying.
So my room was built and I was still at 70,
right outside the garage.
She walked up the driveway.
You couldn't hear it too much.
But as I,
I can't add that.
All right.
So I had somebody else come in and they added this extra shit to it.
And then today it's just like,
it's the shit right outside the garage door is basically the sound of a light
rain and you'd go up the driveway,
you can't even fucking hear it.
So I have the dream bucket drum room.
I can,
if I could play at two in the morning,
and even when you stood outside the garage,
all you can really hear is like the snare drum and it just sold us to sound like
somebody has a stereo one,
a little bit low.
It's fucking perfect.
So,
um,
that's going to be what's going to keep me sane,
I think over the next few years.
Um,
as the orange guy in the hairless fat dude sit there pointing fucking missiles
at each other,
you know what I mean?
Trump and what's his face there?
Almost face.
I Dunno.
Why don't they just go fucking hang out already?
You know,
have one of those fucking online dates,
you know what I mean?
Just discuss like oppressing people,
just kinda compare notes,
you know,
and then maybe they could like combine what it is that they both do.
I'm out of my fucking mind.
People,
I don't pay attention to anything.
Somebody actually said to me,
did you hear about so and so with like the Russians and all that shit?
And I was like,
I'm going to be perfectly honest to you.
I did not.
Oh,
did they do a probe and what's going to happen?
Is he going to get impeached?
And then what?
Let me guess.
It's going to go to the fucking,
the,
the place where all the people in the suits sit and then they're going to need
three quarters of a vote and nobody Republican will vote for it.
And then it'll still be an office.
Isn't that what's going to happen?
I seem to remember that's what happened that time.
That guy took this again.
All slick willy,
all slick Willie.
Um,
anyways,
yeah.
I don't pay attention any of that shit.
It's just not a,
I don't find it interesting
and weird.
The fact that I actually find sports interesting,
which are real but don't really matter,
but the actual shit that's going on,
like this guy could get in that level of trouble.
I don't give a fuck.
Um,
I hope that people keep a centimeter shit in about the,
uh,
about gun control or no gun control or a reasonable gun control.
Cause I find all of that fascinating.
I guess all the kids are going to get together and they're going to do some big
protests.
And I like how people who are into guns and going,
these kids are coached that totally be in coached.
Right.
Um,
that's the exact thing that nobody needs.
You know,
I'm not saying that both sides aren't going to try to like fucking finesse their
whole
angle or whatever and that they won't be somebody coach.
But you should probably listen to people or you only want to know,
I could become fascinated with the ar 15.
Right.
I mean I might buy one before they get fucking band just to,
because it will be worth money.
You know what I mean?
They can,
people buy like,
you know,
when they reissued the Jordan's and people buy them,
they don't wear them and they just stick them in the back of the closet.
So just one day they can just bust it out and everybody's like,
Oh shit.
Right?
Um,
I want to know people who have ARF 15th.
I know this.
People listen to this podcast.
She got one.
Let me ask you this.
What do you do with it?
Okay.
I know what I would do with it.
I wouldn't take it down to some stupid fucking gun range.
And like,
dude,
like target practice,
that's not what you get that gun for.
You get that gun to reenact safely the end of Scarface.
So if I had an ar 15,
what I would do every year around Halloween,
I waited a couple of days after when everybody's Pumpkin's are getting all mushy
and I would just knock on the door and be like,
Hey,
do you want me to take that off your heads?
I'll take your old pumpkin's right?
You know,
put up a sign all pumpkin's recycled here,
right?
And I get a whole fill up the whole back end of my truck with a bunch of old
pumpkin's.
Right?
And then I would fucking,
uh,
I just take them out in some field.
Right?
I got an ar 15,
you know,
I live in the middle of nowhere,
right?
I fucking take them out into a feel.
They put wigs on him and shit.
Maybe a little suit underneath depending on how far I wanted to get with that,
you know?
And then just fucking light him up.
Other than that,
what the fuck the avid for?
That's like these assholes who get like a Ferrari and are they just drive it up
and down the sunset strip.
It's like fuck head.
Put It on a truck,
take it to a track and drive it the way it's supposed to be driven,
you know?
I mean,
that's what I would to,
that's what the fuck.
I mean,
you got it.
Don't you want to do that?
You can't tell me somebody anonymously right in and just tell me the stupidest
fucking thing you did with your ar 15 just having fun,
you know?
Or if my neighbor pissed me off when they weren't around,
I just fucking shooting into the side of his fucking above ground pool.
Get some you mother fucker.
Right.
I would do silly shit if I had an ar 15 I wouldn't hurt anybody else.
Destruction of property,
you know?
Yeah.
I would do that.
But you know,
women are allowed to get away with that.
Take their fucking ex husbands shit and light it on fire.
A fucking cheating boyfriend,
throw it out on the fucking yard and you know,
stab it all up.
Cops come down laughing,
they don't give a fuck.
The woman goes back in the house,
they don't care.
They don't give a fuck.
Why can't a man go out every once in awhile and just shoot somebody above ground
pool with they are 15 is that,
isn't there a re while you're gonna make sure there's nobody in it,
right?
It's also a waste of water.
It's irresponsible.
But you know what I mean?
You can't tell me if there was a youtube video of that,
you would want to see it.
Right.
And then scroll down and look at all the comments like
wastewater much.
And then it'd be a flat d flat liver snow fight.
Game off all you live out there in Hollywood and the thought and desert.
Couple more comments.
Somebody drops the n word.
You know,
the basic conversation on Youtube.
Right.
Um,
that's what I do anyways.
Uh,
so I don't have any fucking advertising.
I don't have any fucking emails and I got six more minutes to go.
Can he do it?
Can he think of something that he can fucking talk about for the next six
minutes?
What about why do I,
why do I gotta think about something.
What about fucking you just sitting there listening.
Huh?
The next six minutes of your life is going to go by [inaudible] they,
you know back and you're going to sit there,
you're going to sit there waiting for me to try to come up with something to say
aren't you?
That's where you're at.
Um,
a non gone,
not non gun people.
All right.
The people want to get rid of all the guns.
They want to get rid of all the guns.
Can you do that?
Isn't that turning like get rid of all the straws.
Like how would you do that?
It's like they're out there.
People come in and again,
these are all the straws I have.
How would you know that?
You know,
straws,
it made out of plastic.
Everybody,
which means evidently they never break down.
So they'll just think while the way the first time you went to fucking
Mcdonald's,
you're like,
well God,
Carla,
chocolate shake.
Just think of the fact that that cup is long gone because it was made out of
paper,
but that Straw that you fucking drank out of what?
That little thing on top,
it's still fucking there.
It's somewhere.
It's in the ground.
It's out in the fucking ocean.
Just swirling around.
That's the type of Shit I think about,
you know,
with all these minimalists people gone the fucking minimalist.
It's like,
what do you do with all your shit?
You just throw it out.
So now you don't have to look at it.
It all went somewhere,
right?
That's why you got to have a fucking yad sale.
Jesus Christ.
Just open yourself up to a bunch of fucking cheap cons.
Or maybe they're environmentalist's some of this shit that they have out there.
You know?
This is somebody who fucking fishes Invisalign out of a goddamn communal trash
bin earlier this week is literally going to sit here and judge people that go to
yard sales and try to find gems.
You know what's really going away as those stores where you just have that
fucking like a hoarder and he just says all this random shit and they like a
fucked up lamp and an old cash register next to like a propeller for some
fucking plane,
you know.
But with those kinds of store agon and I antiques thank is beyond antiques.
It's like modern antiques.
It's just plastic shit.
You know that nobody fucking wants these be a guy down the street from me.
He dealt all in speakers and shit.
Crazy fucking do crazy crazy mother fucker.
I went in there one time and I,
these iPod speakers that I wanted fixed and he started telling me that he had
this revolutionary way that he was going to record music.
Okay,
okay.
He was trying to tell me,
you Simon and Garfunkel as as an example saying nobody really knows what they
sound like even if they've heard the recordings because they weren't recorded
correctly because Garfunkel is like a foot taller than Paul Simon.
So if she was standing in the room,
Garfinkel's boys would be coming at you from,
you know,
eight to 12 inches higher than Paul Simon's voice.
And the way that that would reverberate around the fucking room would be what
they actually sounded like.
Whereas when they go to record them,
it makes them sound like they're both the same height and I'm just sitting
there,
listen to this guy going,
this guy's out of his fucking mind.
But he also might be onto something.
So he was trying to explain to me how the fuck he was going to record that.
And I was just like,
you know what?
As much as this guy seems like he's out of his fucking mind,
he still ended this shit.
He's going to be able to fix these speakers.
And you know what,
he took my speakers,
you know,
and set him behind the cash register,
whatever,
where I just saw a wall of speakers
anywhere from fucking,
I dunno,
10 years old to 40 50 years old,
all behind him.
It was like Sanford and sons junk yard and it was all fucking speakers
and a,
sorry like at that dumps sound effect.
It's the only way I can hear.
If somebody fucking sends me a text,
that gum shoe wear them anyway,
so he takes my speakers and you know what he does?
He never fucking fix them.
And I kept calling him up.
He didn't even know where the fuck they were and I never got him back.
And he used to drive by a store for two years being like that.
Motherfucker's got my speakers and he's going to find one of these cuts,
a yard sales to give him like 25 bucks for it.
One of these days when I got the time,
I'm going to go in there and be like,
hey man,
remember we took my speakers and you didn't give me a piece of paper or any sort
of proof that I actually gave you speakers and you've talked to another 3
million people since I came.
When the place,
well guess what?
I'm back without any proof.
And I'm telling you,
you got my speakers in here somewhere and I want him back.
I was so meaning to do that and I never,
I never got around to it.
And then one day I drove by and it was just,
it just didn't exist anymore.
So,
you know what that means,
right?
Unless this guy took all that shit,
my fucking speakers right now,
probably in the middle of the Pacific Ocean,
floating around and floating around it,
and they swirling and swirling,
and eventually they're gonna run into that Straw that I had at Mcdonald's.
And now,
you know the rest of the story.
Sorry,
did that take a six minutes?
29 seconds ago?
Jesus Christ.
What a fucking bull shit.
Um,
I got to get caught up in the Bruins.
I guess we,
uh,
we made some,
we made some moves at the trade deadline.
We've got some defenseman from,
uh,
the fuck is it from the,
the,
the New York ranges,
I guess said just packing it in.
They said to hell with it.
Um,
does that mean they're going to get rid of,
Hey Henrik Lundqvist,
you know,
they can't do that.
I mentioned the overhead of that guy and fucking shipping all those suits to
some other town.
And where would he wear you?
Imagine if Henrik lundqvist ever got fucking,
well,
he got traded to like Columbus.
You know,
it's all these Gq,
GQ clothes walking around fucking Columbus.
They don't give a shit.
They barely give a shit about hockey out there,
right?
They're all about the IO state.
Buckeye's now that's actually a good hockey town.
I went out there one time for a Redwings game playoff game and it was fucking
great.
Columbus and Nashville,
crazy fence,
great fence.
However,
not exactly the kind of place where you're going,
where Henrik lundqvist can wear some of his fancy suits,
you know,
that's a pretty confident moved to buy suits like that as a professional
athlete,
you know,
or you probably think of,
well maybe I'll just wear them in the off season or bucket help light the
Columbus,
but I want to live in New York cause God dammit I'm going to,
I'm going to wear these buckets,
suits or maybe you wear the suits and Columbus scene.
Did you show people what the next level looks like?
Um,
I don't know.
I'm talking about he,
they're not even thinking about trading him,
but all I know is we got a defensemen out of it and we gave up a couple of draft
picks or whatever and I don't know,
the Bruins are like,
hey,
they got the second most points and I'd barely watched the game.
This shit cause I got a little kid and I'm edited into the fucking series.
I did four hours today with the Great Laura dern.
She absolutely fucking murdered today.
Um,
she does the voice of sue Frank's a wife and I'm,
I'm telling you the season's coming together.
I think I'm going to talk a little shit here.
I think this might be our best season.
I think this is the season where we finally break out of the pack and we get
invited to one of them fucking shows and they give us some shiny shit and we all
go up in a big group hug,
you know,
and we enjoy it for eight seconds before they take it away from us and they say,
get back in that room and do it again.
Um,
all right.
That's the podcast.
Sorry.
Got a little fucking nuts.
They're just trying to fill time.
I said a lot of things.
Uh,
I meant very little little of it.
Okay.
But it doesn't matter in this day and age.
What your job is to do now is to take it seriously and started talking about how
offended you were in ignore real problems and talk about this podcast
as if it sets swirl the on the road.
All right.
That's the fucking pissed here.
Sorry.
My brain's fucking fry.
Um,
that's a Thursday afternoon,
uh,
just before Friday,
Monday morning podcast.
Have a great weekend.
You can enjoy this music and a,
I'll do the whole Trump thing with the index finger and the thumb.
They make a little point there and then we're going to play a little bit of
throwback fucking Thursday podcast after podcast from Thursday,
from this year or years before.
I have no fucking idea.
Um,
oh,
by the way,
I almost forgot to say,
are you going to bed?
Little Cutie.
Hi.
Oh,
are you adorable?
Is it even legal to be that cute
Nia to,
you know,
something as far as business goes,
you ever see somebody make a business move and you think,
why didn't I think of that?
Yes.
All right.
Here's my latest one.
Do you know Barstool sports?
Yes.
Yeah,
they're huge.
They're huge.
Do you know what they bought?
There's some sort of like fighting,
I forget even what it,
what it's even called.
It's just like this regular person fight night.
It started in,
I believe Virginia and just regular people go up there just throwing haymakers
beaten the s out of each other.
Sorry,
my kids here beating the crap out of each other and it's just,
you know,
hey makers,
very little technique and then they get haymaker is drink.
Haymaker is actually an expression that came from farming and I can think of was
when you took the sickle and you just swung from behind you to chop it down.
I looked it up one time.
Um,
so anyways,
hey,
why don't you take the microphone?
I got this all,
I got this,
I got this all set up.
I know.
I'm trying to,
okay,
on this one.
So she has an unplugged,
let me just finish this real quick.
So these regular people come in and did the fights are crazy because these
people are just swinging for the fences and eventually somebody connects with
somebody or,
I'm not saying they're all bad,
but it's just like this crazy,
it's like a,
I don't know,
it's like barroom brawls.
So barstool sports bought it and then they put it on paper view.
It's like if you,
if you order it early,
it's 10 bucks.
Who isn't going to buy that?
And how aren't you going to get your money back or those people that are coming
in to fight or do they get paid?
They get paid.
I don't know what to get.
I don't think there's want to be a TV.
I have no idea.
I don't know how it works.
I don't care about them.
It's all about me.
I attend bucks here.
Okay.
I'm ordering that.
I don't know when the next one is,
but I am ordering that and that's one of those things where that is going to
turn into like,
it's going to be like the regular person UFC and I guarantee you sometime
that's,
that's gonna sell for tens of millions if not hundreds of millions of dollars
calling it right now.
Well,
all right.
Now there's no regular.
I remember Rogan said one time,
if you just driving down the and EPC,
two
people beating the crap out of each other,
you'd slow down and look at it.
What did you rather watch?
Professionals who have trained and have techniques and have moves.
Oh,
I wish I were appreciate both.
Yeah.
Because this is the thing is,
even though they're not professionals,
they're really fighting and people really get knocked up.
And this is the thing,
there's none of that as far as I could tell,
just the clips I watched,
there's none of that ground and pound strategy.
It's just people.
It's like,
yeah,
cause they're all just like,
eh.
No they're not.
I would not want to get hit by any of the punches I saw thrown.
Right.
Is this like,
like that?
But shit that like Kimbo slice used to do like the backyard,
like guy,
all I saw was highlights.
I was just,
it was like Jerry Springer.
If you edit it out,
all the crap and you just had the fight.
Yeah.
Well cool.
All right.
Maybe you're the wrong demographic.
Yeah,
I could,
I finally would say something positive on the God damn podcast.
Um,
I,
I couldn't be less interested in,
yeah,
you don't want to get one on us,
smoke a joint and just watch that.
I'll have a little sippy cup and just,
if I'm gonna Watch UFC or boxing and stuff,
I guess I could get into that.
I don't know.
They're just,
here's what we're going to do.
The next one of those,
we're going to rent,
we're going to rent and then you're going to come back on the podcast and talk
about it please.
All right.
That's nice.
That's fair.
You know what?
It is nice.
Nice baby.
It feels exploitative to me.
That's why I asked if the people who are doing it are getting paid,
I'm sure they get into,
they probably have some tough man purse in the end of it cause it's like there's
there,
they're selling it for like $10 each.
These people,
they're whole thing is that they're like not professional,
so it's not like they're going to go on to have a career and fighting.
So what are they?
Here's the thing,
cause if they win,
make sure she doesn't take that and make sure she doesn't take that.
Yeah,
she's pulling it off.
I don't think she can get it out.
Oh
she turns around.
Can you just thank you.
She pushed it all the way into the keyhole.
Yeah.
All right.
I don't know.
Well I was excited.
I was excited about you.
You just got to see it near it's,
it's still people fighting.
Yeah.
Is it like people?
Like I'll be with the people in the UFC get day.
They get exploited.
Do you think they make in the lion's share of the money?
They don't want to take in the concussions and all that.
There's been plenty of fighters.
I've been in the UFC that talk about the same thing.
Yeah.
All right.
And is it takes,
they're getting paid something.
Yeah,
but you know,
you get to be on TV and it's your,
when you know,
you knock somebody out,
you're on TV and it's pretty cool.
Okay,
sure.
Cool.
Okay.
You know what it's like,
it's like American idol.
None.
Most of those people had no business singing on television,
but what they do and they get to do that.
Right.
Okay.
Is that all right?
Yeah.
But do they have a referee?
Like do they have somebody that's like,
don't kill each other,
but really you just,
I'm going,
are you coming at like a mother?
Who
Cares?
We don't know these people.
It's entertaining.
Yes.
There's a referee and there's two hilarious announcers.
I have become really soft since having the baby and it's been a beautiful thing
to say,
I'm so soft now.
I'm just like,
oh,
that's not nice.
Don't do that.
Like,
you know,
as you're doing a pushup,
she's uh,
she's doing something.
Huh?
Are you ready for the nose?
Cheeks?
You ready for bed?
Qut.
And not at all.
She's,
she loves being in here and she does.
What are you talking about?
Um,
what'd she just cracked herself up?
What are you thinking about?
All right,
this is,
this kid's too cute.
I gotta get off here.
I've got to say goodnight to my girl here.
I'm all right.
Thanks for coming here.
Let's see.
Here's the deal.
The next one that comes on provided I'm not working.
Even if I'm working,
I'm,
I'm ordering it.
Okay,
we're going to record it.
We're going to watch it and I want to hear what you had to think about it.
I,
I'm,
I'm 100% willing to do that.
Okay.
I won't.
I'm going to those guys,
whoever those guys are that that run that thing that they are going to make an a
,
an effing fortune off of that.
I think it's gonna.
I think it's going to blow up.
Okay.
I'm not pointing at you.
[inaudible] I am as excited about this as you were excited about to see Black
Panther and you're literally doing the exact opposite.
All right,
that's the podcast.
Thank you for listening.
Everybody and I will talk to you on Monday.
Oh,
all the,
the Gino
[inaudible]
shop
at the bottom.
I'm going to continue on.
What
is happened in sports?
Can we ate ESPN?
Can we,
you know,
100% access?
Can you dial it back down to like maybe 40% access?
Can you stop interviewing fucking coaches,
Fox in whatever NBC as they're jogging off the field trying to think of their
halftime adjustments.
Can we just stop fucking doing that?
I don't give a fuck.
Nhl.
Can we stop interviewing players inbetween the fucking,
uh,
periods?
Is this sickness still out of breath from their last shift and that fucking drop
a fucking sweat hanging off their nose looking like snot that they have to keep
wiping and that it of it comes back again.
Can we just enough,
I don't give a fuck what happened in that first period.
I just watched the first period.
I know.
What happened.
What do you think you have to do in the second period?
Oh baby score.
More goals.
Benny Nhl players listening to this.
Uh,
I'll give you a free podcast tee shirt even though you're going to get fined
probably a hundred grand by the league.
Is there any way you could wipe your nose and the blouse of the person who's
interviewing you in between periods?
Just reach out and grab that tie and just Dab your eyes.
You know,
I got nothing to give you.
You're a millionaire athlete,
but could you just do it for the,
just for the fucking ridiculousness of it.
Like they're not going to interview you after the fucking game.
Like I have to have it.
They got that fucking guy who stands down there and what looks like the penalty
box in between the fucking benches,
whatever the fuck his name is,
prince fielder,
the hell's his name.
Prince Harry standing down there.
We'll,
I'll try.
It's really ate up down here.
Like why do I need to hear that guy?
Yeah.
Well [inaudible] has got to stand up for three periods in his loafers.
Probably gonna Hammer toes by the end of the year.
Less access.
Do you think you could do that?
Do you think you could actually start a sports network that could compete with
ESPN and the whole thing is less access?
Yeah,
no miked up players.
You just fucking uh,
just trim the fat.
Can I just go back to watch Bob Lowe Bell at the end of the news and just seeing
five minutes of the shit?
Can I just see that as he sits there in a fucking blazer?
You know,
every once in a while it takes a day off in new me comes in,
Bob Neumeier I miss those days.
I really miss those fucking day.
[inaudible]
I gotta I gotta talk about the do's on southwest.
So,
um,
I went to Albuquerque this weekend and I had a fucking unbelievable time,
have not been back there since,
uh,
all those wonderful episodes of breaking bad that I got to be on.
And,
um,
you know,
I was going to go on a hike is what I wanted to do.
I wanted to do that.
But,
uh,
you know,
Nia had some friends out there.
We were going to go to lunch and you know,
that is,
it'll only take like an hour.
That's three hours,
you know,
so I'm just like,
I'm too fucking old too.
Um,
I'm too old to fucking hike and have a social event in one day and then actually
give any sort of a decent,
decent,
uh,
performance.
So I was like,
all right,
fuck it.
I'm not going to go on the hike.
I'll go over.
And we met,
um,
I met his friends and they were,
they were awesome.
Fucking cooked up burgers the middle of the day,
you know,
those homemade burgers that are way bigger than the ones that you get in a
restaurant.
And then you eat them and,
uh,
you don't feel 60th,
some stomach afterwards.
Fucking phenomenal.
And,
uh,
the people's house,
we went over to the head,
all these bears and that type of stuff.
And I stayed away.
I was a good boy,
so I could have the show,
but I know myself at this point,
so I still that I see I can't do all of those activities in one day.
So I just decided like,
uh,
all right,
I'll just do the social thing and I'll show out.
Which was actually really cool because I've been to Albuquerque a bunch of times
and I never got to ride around and,
uh,
see any of it.
And,
uh,
it's really,
really fucking cool placement.
Really,
really cool.
Um,
so anyway,
so that night I was at the,
uh,
the 66 casino,
meaning basically route 66 and,
uh,
one of the coolest stuff in casinos.
I've,
I've seen,
I'll try and have some images up for I,
you know,
you try to take pictures of those casino lights and it never comes out on your
cell phone.
At least the one that I have,
the four S.
Um,
but it was really cool.
Like the hotel had like that,
you know,
uh,
the route 66 sign instead of the 66,
it just said hotel.
It was all lit up and then,
you know,
it's native Americans own it.
And then the,
the,
the arrows pointing in where to go.
We're literally like arrows and they looked like they were stuck into the
ground.
They were all lit up.
It's fucking Badass.
It was bad ass.
And then I got to play in the,
the name of the theater was the legends theater.
I played a place called the legends theater.
I remember I was doing some press for it and they said,
what can people expect when they come down to the legends theater?
And it's like,
well,
they should expect to see a legend.
It shouldn't expect to see me go fresh out of the fucking horse stable.
Where do I go?
Is this the way to the great room?
Is there going to be allowed people?
I'm scared.
Uh,
fortunately it all went,
it went great and a fucking great people out there,
man.
Once again.
And this was another place that was supposed to be a
on the,
uh,
Billy red state tour.
And,
um,
I dunno for any comics who are listening to this,
don't buy into that horseshit that these are fly over states.
They have beautiful places to go and the people are ridiculously appreciative
that you showed up this site and they always say the same shit.
Can you tell this person to tell this person?
You know,
they're always asking for Jim Norton and all these guys that I know from the
opie and Anthony show telling them to come out there.
You know,
we like comedy too,
so I pass the word onto him and a lot of them have,
uh,
started coming out,
which is cool.
MMM.
I just hope that they don't become a,
an an all jaded like when you play like the bigger cities and they're just like,
whatever,
man,
you know,
I got other things to do,
man.
Um,
it was great and they actually bought a bunch of DVDs,
which is phenomenal because I got a bunch of them sitting in my garage.
I feel like in my garage is filled with fucking laser discs.
I've got to get those things out of there.
Um,
anyways,
so,
oh,
the douche southwest,
sorry,
I'm all over the place today.
So we're flying back,
um,
quick flight back.
I own 45 minutes,
fucking phenomenal.
And uh,
you know,
the southwest people,
they always try to be funny to put a smile on your face.
Most of the times they're not.
And this guy was actually kind of funny.
Then we go to land,
we were landing in Los Angeles and this fucking asshole gets on the,
the fucking Mike and it starts going,
you know,
he's like going welcome to Los Angeles,
which is a
interesting place.
Yes.
Very interesting.
Okay.
He kept doing this weird laugh and I'm looking at here,
first of all,
it was sounded creepy as fucking hell.
Um,
I don't want to be homophobic,
but the guy sounded gay,
you know,
the gay accent.
And so I used to do a joke on this,
like gay people come from all 50 states,
yet they,
they kind of all have the same accent,
which isn't true,
but generally speaking,
there is a gay accent,
which makes no sense.
How did that joke?
That's how that joke used to go.
Like if you were gay from Alabama would be like,
hey,
I bought out rule locked to suck your Dick.
Like that's the way you should sound to do a stereotypical redneck accent with
my stereotypical gay accent.
Right.
But they thought,
I grew up in Alabama and let's just say I'm not going back there.
It's probably more valuable.
You know what the Fuck I'm saying?
That's what the guy sounded like.
So I'm just sitting there on the backhoe and like,
did a,
you know,
this guy get blown in west Hollywood and somebody stole his wallet.
Did he want to be the next Jim J uh,
uh,
buffoons,
whatever the fuck the guy's name is from too close for comfort.
I don't know what his fucking deal was,
but I'm just sitting there in my head,
go and let them get another most fucked up thing about living in Los Angeles.
I've never lived in a city where everybody trashes it.
Everybody just shits on and it kills me about that.
Let's see.
These are the only fucking city where you could do that.
I guess you can kind of make like a gambler joke,
but you can actually land in Los Angeles.
Not give a fuck that everybody,
their lives on the plane for the most part lives there and then just shit on it.
MMM,
I had it.
Can I fucking drove me nuts?
Drive me fucking say interesting place.
That's just like,
well,
what the fuck are you doing?
What makes you such a good person?
What happened to you here?
Huh?
What Sit-com did you test for?
And he got to coked up the night before and you fucking blew it.
Ah,
what were we supposed to be unwilling grace here.
I'm sorry.
In order to,
as I'm defensive of La at this point,
because I have to live out here because this is the fucking business on it.
I don't have to,
but you know,
it makes life a lot fucking easier to be where everybody else is in this
business.
You know,
if I was into fucking computers,
go move up to watch the fucking,
uh,
the valley up there,
the silicone valley,
which for the life of me,
I don't know what,
why do they call it silicone?
Isn't it?
What's in fake titties?
Is it
[inaudible].